Add bark (#24086)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/bark.mdx

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Bark

## Overview

Bark is a transformer-based text-to-speech model proposed by Suno AI in [suno-ai/bark](https://github.com/suno-ai/bark). 

Bark is made of 4 main models:

- [`BarkSemanticModel`] (also referred to as the 'text' model): a causal auto-regressive transformer model that takes as input tokenized text, and predicts semantic text tokens that capture the meaning of the text.
- [`BarkCoarseModel`] (also referred to as the 'coarse acoustics' model): a causal autoregressive transformer, that takes as input the results of the [`BarkSemanticModel`] model. It aims at predicting the first two audio codebooks necessary for EnCodec.

> - [`BarkFineModel`] (the 'fine acoustics' model`), this time a non-causal autoencoder transformer, which iteratively predicts the last codebooks based on the sum of the previous codebooks embeddings.

Reviewer: Extra "`" here as well - can you check it's not in the docstring in the modelling file too?
```suggestion
- [`BarkFineModel`] (the 'fine acoustics' model), this time a non-causal autoencoder transformer, which iteratively predicts the last codebooks based on the sum of the previous codebooks embeddings.
```

Author: Done by checking if the number of "`" was odd

- having predicted all the codebook channels from the [`EncodecModel`], Bark uses it to decode the output audio array.

It should be noted that each of the first three modules can support conditional speaker embeddings to condition the output sound according to specific predefined voice.

<Tip>
### Tips:

Suno offers a library of voice presets in a number of languages [here](https://suno-ai.notion.site/8b8e8749ed514b0cbf3f699013548683?v=bc67cff786b04b50b3ceb756fd05f68c).
These presets are also uploaded in the hub [here](https://huggingface.co/ylacombe/bark-small/tree/main/speaker_embeddings) or [here](https://huggingface.co/ylacombe/bark-large/tree/main/speaker_embeddings).

```python
>>> from transformers import AutoProcessor, BarkModel

>>> processor = AutoProcessor.from_pretrained("{_CHECKPOINT_FOR_DOC}")
>>> model = BarkModel.from_pretrained("{_CHECKPOINT_FOR_DOC}")

>>> voice_preset = "v2/en_speaker_6"

>>> inputs, history_prompt = processor("Hello, my dog is cute", voice_preset=voice_preset)

>>> audio_array = model.generate_audio(**inputs, history_prompt=history_prompt)

> >>> audio_array = audio_array.detach().cpu().numpy().squeeze()

Author: It's only to remove the batch dimension. We can do batch generation

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Bark

## Overview

> The `Bark` model is a transformer-based text-to-audio model proposed by Suno's AI team in [suno-ai/bark](https://github.com/suno-ai/bark). 

Reviewer: (nits) Let's not code-ify the name Bark in the docstring, only the specific model names
```suggestion
The Bark model is a transformer-based text-to-speech model proposed by Suno AI in the repository [suno-ai/bark](https://github.com/suno-ai/bark). 
```

`Bark` is made of 4 main modules:

> - A `semantic model ` (also named `text model`), i.e a causal autoregressive transformer (GPT2-like), which takes into input a tokenized text

Reviewer: Here we should reference the model names in the modelling file, and explain how they tie into the more descriptive names, e.g.
```markdown
[`BarkSemanticModel`] (also referred to as the 'text' model): a causal auto-regressive transformer model that takes as input tokenized text (and optionally a speaker prompt), and predicts semantic text tokens that capture the meaning of the text 
```

- A `coarse acoustics model` (also named `coarse model`), also a causal autoregressive transformer, taking into input the results of the last model. It aims at regressing the first two audio codebooks necessary to `encodec`.
- A `fine acoustics model` (`fine model`), this time a non-causal autoencoder transformer, which iteratively predicts the 6 last codebooks based on the sum of the previous codebooks embeddings.
- having predicted 8 codebooks channels of `encodec`, Bark uses `encodec` to generate the output audio array.

Note that each of the first 3 modules can take optional conditional speaker embeddings aiming at conditioning the output audio according to `specific preset voices.

Tips:

> `Bark` can generate highly realistic, **multilingual** speech as well as other audio - including music, background noise and simple sound effects. 

Reviewer: It would be good to explain how exactly the user can generate multilingual speech, as well as the other audio (feel free to give some code examples)

The model can also produce **nonverbal communications** like laughing, sighing and crying.
Suno offers a library of voice presets in a number of languages [here](https://suno-ai.notion.site/8b8e8749ed514b0cbf3f699013548683?v=bc67cff786b04b50b3ceb756fd05f68c).

> These presets are also uploaded in the hub [here](https://huggingface.co/ylacombe/bark-small/tree/main/speaker_embeddings) or [here](https://huggingface.co/ylacombe/bark-large/tree/main/speaker_embeddings).

Reviewer: Again here we can give a code example to show how to use the presets with the `processor`

This model was contributed by [ylacombe](https://huggingface.co/ylacombe).
The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/suno-ai/bark).

## BarkConfig

[[autodoc]] BarkConfig
    - all

## BarkModuleConfig

[[autodoc]] BarkModuleConfig
    - all

## BarkProcessor

[[autodoc]] BarkProcessor
    - all

## BarkModel

[[autodoc]] BarkModel

>     - generate_audio

Reviewer: There's currently no code example for `generate_audio` -> let's make sure the docstring has one before we finalise the PR
